Now, in this video, what we want to do is
refactor our project to use those
JAXB generated classes. So, what we
want to do is come in here to the rest
application. So remember, we named this guy.
We just might grab this guy's name
here. So, the artifactId is rest-model. So
now, what we want to do is come over to
this POM here. We'll go up to
dependencies. Now, you don't have to do
this. This just kind of a convention that
I generally follow and I see a lot of
others do. Kind of group up the Spring
stuff, and then, the test stuff at the
bottom. And then, for internally generated
artifacts, I'd like to put them at the
top. This is just my personal
convention. It kind of makes sense to me.
It is a handy convention. You don't have
to do it.
You can see that it brought in the
the version like that. Now, we could
specify that as a property but we do
need that set ups. And now, we're
including that as a dependency. Let's
just go and make sure that Maven did
refresh on this. Now, what we can do is
come over to our controllers and
collapse him.
Actually, we need to refactor this
quite a bit.
Yes, here.
So now, we have that coming out of the v1 api.
You're going to get rid of that.
Remember, we put it models
so we want to be using that one. Now,
we can see that this is going to cause
some additional problems.
So, get rid of the package, and then, we'll
import the other one.
You can see the type conversion.
There's not, I don't know of a good way
to do this  in IntelliJ to automatically
change the package on all that, so I'm
going to pause the video of this. I could take me
a few minutes to go through and refactor
all this. So, I'm going to go ahead and
refactor that type, and then, we'll go
through the the code changes. So, I'm
going to pause the video right now. I'll be
right back.
Okay, I fast forwarded and went ahead
and made the changes. I think there's two
changes I really want to point out. One
is here.
We had a constructor on this. So, let me see
if I can bring up the change code. You
can see here, we were just returning a new
and we're passing in the list of DTOs.
So, we had a custom constructor there or
convenience constructor for that, which
is not on the JAXB generated class.
So, what we need to do here is create a
new DTO object, and then getCustomers,
and then we can use the addAll method
on that list, and then return back that
DTO. So, let's see here. Then, the other
significant changes on the XSD itself,
we renamed it Customer and when I got in
there realized that we're dealing with
the DTO objects, so I refactored that to
be CustomerDTO to be consistent with
what we were doing previously. I do
want to point out that the largest
change was coming through in changing
the packages from the api.v1.model to
the DTO. Now, I could have done,
I could have formatted the XJC compiler,
the configuration output to that package.
For convenience, for consistency, I chose
not to. I've decided to leave it as is,
just so you could see the contrast. Now,
if I was doing this for an Enterprise
client. I probably would have done that
and retired those DTOs because this
is a nice nice approach. I can't
remember, I pointed this out. But, a real
nice thing that we can do now is, for
people consuming this API, we can share
this XSD with them. What's nice
is if they're using Ruby or .Net or
like C sharp or something, all these
other popular languages do have tools to
do code generator
from XSD. So, this XSD now becomes a
contract that your clients can use, and
this is what's nice about working with
XML. Now JSON, they are working on JSON
schema, as I talked about, if you watch
the stuff on Swagger, we spoke about JSON
Schema. That is also coming out, but has
now been approved. So, it's in the final
stages of the 1.0 approval process.
Hopefully, in 2018, the JSON Schema will
be approved. But at the time of recording
this video, JSON Schema is not
approve. XML schema has been approved.
I don't know when. Well, probably decades
ago. So, we can see here right at the top
at 2001. So, like I said, the XML stuff has
been so mature. It's boring, so it's very
very old school. It's been out there for
a long time and very mature. The
libraries aren't changing, but some
people are starting to ignore XML. It's
still a very good technology, that our
advantage is because as you can see XML
really gives you strong typing. Unlike
JSON, it doesn't really have any typing,so to speak, not compared to XML. But you
do get the strongly type. Now, you can
share the schema as a contract. You
can see I would generate the Java
classes from this, and now, I've
refactored this project. Let's come
up here to version control. I'm just
going to expand this out. So, you can see
that, that type change. It did impact just
about every Customer class so we our
controler, controller tests, the Mapstruct
Mappers that we did, the service
interface, the service implementation,
then the related tests, as well. So,
this did have some pretty wide-ranging
changes because of the type changes.
That type was very commonly used in our
project. But now that was an exercise.
That's why, I paused the video. I
was going through that. I couldn't think
of a good way to go and search and
replace and do all that. I have a manual
process, make sure I didn't miss anything.
But now, just to recap what's
happening, so we have our customer.xsd.
We are using XJC through the Maven
compiler, that we configured in the last
video. This will create a jar. So,
this is rest-model jar. And because we
included in our Maven POM in this video,
we are saying that as a dependency. So
now, this project has a dependency on the
other module inside of Maven. Now that
Java type is available for our use,
we'll refactored to use that XJC generated
Java type. Okay, I did want to add one
little addendum to this section. If you
are following along doing the builds on
CircleCI, you may see a failure. I've
got the failure up here. What's
happening is, Maven, the way CircleCI, it
does a offline build. Basically, it's
looking out in repositories for these
components, and this is going to fail.
This guy's going to fail here because it's
not being found in any of the available
repositories. So, it's not. Can't see it.
I did a little bit of research on it.
It's just the way CircleCI is, the
CircleCI environment behaves. So, the
work around, I've got it here in line 34
is to do a run on Maven install, and then
skip test. This is going to skip all the
tests, but it's going to compile. So, as
long as the compile passes, it's going to
create that jar for the dependency of
the Maven project and install it in the
local Maven repository. So, remember, Maven
does hold repository under your home
directory under .m2. It's going to
cache things there, so you're going to have
like a mini repository there, so that
what the install command says is
generate this jar and install it there.
And then, when we get to our tests,
they're on line 36, things will
progress normally. So, that at least,
that's what I expect here. So, I'm going to
go ahead and commit this.
As long as it runs, I won't have to
record anything else around this topic.
So, just in case, if you're not using
CircleCI, don't worry about this. You
don't have to do this.